SONAR-14822 Provide a GitHub Action to scan a project (#1)
SonarSource/sonarqube-scan-action: README.md

jobs:
  sonarqube:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
    - uses: actions/checkout@v2
      with:
        # Disabling shallow clone is recommended for improving relevancy of reporting
        fetch-depth: 0
    - name: SonarQube Scan
      uses: sonarsource/sonarqube-scan-action@master
      env:
        SONAR_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.SONAR_TOKEN }}
        SONAR_HOST_URL: ${{ secrets.SONAR_HOST_URL }}
```

You can change the analysis base directory by using the optional input `projectBaseDir` like this:

```yaml
uses: sonarsource/sonarqube-scan-action@master
with:
  projectBaseDir: app/src
```

In case you need to add additional analysis parameters, you can use the `args` option:

```yaml
- name: Analyze with SonarQube
  uses: sonarsource/sonarqube-scan-action@master
  with:
    projectBaseDir: app/src
    args: >
      -Dsonar.projectKey=my-projectkey
      -Dsonar.python.coverage.reportPaths=coverage.xml
      -Dsonar.sources=lib/
      -Dsonar.test.exclusions=tests/**
      -Dsonar.tests=tests/
      -Dsonar.verbose=true
```

More information about possible analysis parameters can be found in [the documentation](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/analysis-parameters/).

> ### Secrets

Reviewer: Let's name it Environment variables

Author: 👍

# Scan your code with SonarQube

> Using this GitHub Action, scan your code with [SonarQube](https://www.sonarqube.org/) to detects Bugs, Vulnerabilities and Code Smells in more than 20 programming languages!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using this GitHub Action, scan your code with [SonarQube](https://www.sonarqube.org/) to detects Bugs, Vulnerabilities and Code Smells in more than 27 programming languages!
```

      -Dsonar.sources=lib/
      -Dsonar.test.exclusions=tests/**
      -Dsonar.tests=tests/
      -Dsonar.verbose=true
```

More information about possible analysis parameters can be found in [the documentation](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/analysis-parameters/).

### Secrets

- `SONAR_TOKEN` – **Required** this is the token used to authenticate access to SonarQube. You can read more about security tokens [here](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/user-guide/user-token/). You should set the `SONAR_TOKEN` environment variable in the "Secrets" settings page of your repository.
- `SONAR_HOST_URL` – **Required** this tells the scanner where SonarQube is hosted. You can set the `SONAR_HOST_URL` environment variable in the "Secrets" settings page of your repository.
- *`GITHUB_TOKEN` – Provided by Github (see [Authenticating with the GITHUB_TOKEN](https://help.github.com/en/actions/automating-your-workflow-with-github-actions/authenticating-with-the-github_token)).*

## Example of pull request analysis

<img src="./images/SonarQube-analysis-in-Checks.png">

## Do not use this GitHub action if you are in the following situations

> * Your code is built with Maven. Read the documentation about our [Scanner for Maven](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/scan/sonarscanner-for-maven/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Your code is built with Maven. Read the documentation about our [Scanner for Maven](https://redirect.sonarsource.com/doc/install-configure-scanner-maven.html).
```

> * Your code is built with Gradle. Read the documentation about our [Scanner for Gradle](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/scan/sonarscanner-for-gradle/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Your code is built with Gradle. Read the documentation about our [Scanner for Gradle](https://redirect.sonarsource.com/doc/gradle.html).
```

> * You want to analyze a .NET solution. Read the documentation about our [Scanner for .NET](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/scan/sonarscanner-for-msbuild/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* You want to analyze a .NET solution. Read the documentation about our [Scanner for .NET](https://redirect.sonarsource.com/doc/install-configure-scanner-msbuild.html).
```

* You want to analyze C/C++ code. Read the documentation on [analyzing C/C++ code](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/languages/cfamily/).

## Have question or feedback?

> To provide feedback (requesting a feature or reporting a bug) please post on the [SonarSource Community Forum](https://community.sonarsource.com/) with the tag `sonarqube-team`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To provide feedback (requesting a feature or reporting a bug) please post on the [SonarSource Community Forum](https://community.sonarsource.com/tags/c/help/sq/github-actions).
```
